Added official Home Assistant Youtube Account (#341)
frenck/awesome-home-assistant: README.md

_Sit back, relax, watch, and learn._

> - [Home Assistant](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbX3YkedQunLt7EQAdVxh7w) - Official Youtube Channel where new launches and livestreams are held.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Home Assistant](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbX3YkedQunLt7EQAdVxh7w) - Official YouTube Channel where new launches and live streams are held.
```
